README.md, before:

# 🕒 DesktopClock

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/danielchalmers/DesktopClock?include_prereleases)](https://github.com/danielchalmers/DesktopClock/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/danielchalmers/DesktopClock)](LICENSE)

A digital clock app for your Windows desktop that stays on screen, ready whenever you need it.

- Right-click to access essential options like size, time zone, format, and theme, or to create new clocks.
- Double-click to copy the time to your clipboard, and scroll while holding Ctrl to resize the clock.
- "Advanced settings" provides additional configuration options using JSON format.
- Includes a countdown mode to set a timer for any specific date.

**Main window:**  
![Animation](https://github.com/danielchalmers/DesktopClock/assets/7112040/6038fa47-3a29-4b74-8f4f-fffeb8af8d0a)  

**Context menu options:**  
![Context menu](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7112040/201500304-fadedaeb-fc50-47b7-9de0-80c45346c35d.png)

## Discover More

Explore my other free apps:

😊[JournalApp](https://github.com/danielchalmers/JournalApp) - Write notes & keep track of your mood, medications, and more with a versatile journaling app for Android!

🔄[Network Monitor](https://github.com/danielchalmers/Network-Monitor) - View live network latency and bandwidth usage on your desktop with a widget like the clock.

## Contributions

Got an idea or found a bug? Submit an [issue](https://github.com/danielchalmers/DesktopClock/issues)!

If you are gracious enough to contribute code, please try to align with the current formatting and keep features simple as possible.

## Credits

- [CommunityToolkit](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/dotnet)
- [Costura.Fody](https://github.com/Fody/Costura)
- [H.NotifyIcon.Wpf](https://github.com/HavenDV/H.NotifyIcon)
- [Humanizer](https://github.com/Humanizr/Humanizer)
- [Newtonsoft.Json](https://www.newtonsoft.com/json)
- [PropertyChanged.Fody](https://github.com/Fody/PropertyChanged)
- [WpfWindowPlacement](https://github.com/danielchalmers/WpfWindowPlacement)
- [Clock icon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/three-o-clock-clock_13435)

Commit message:

Add Help tab to settings window & Improve general UX (#52)

README.md, after:

# 🕒 DesktopClock

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/danielchalmers/DesktopClock?include_prereleases)](https://github.com/danielchalmers/DesktopClock/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/danielchalmers/DesktopClock)](LICENSE)

A digital clock for your desktop that stays on screen, ready whenever you need it.

**Main window:**  
![Animation](https://github.com/danielchalmers/DesktopClock/assets/7112040/6038fa47-3a29-4b74-8f4f-fffeb8af8d0a)  

**Context menu options:**  
![Context menu](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7112040/201500304-fadedaeb-fc50-47b7-9de0-80c45346c35d.png)

## Discover More

Explore my other free apps:

😊[JournalApp](https://github.com/danielchalmers/JournalApp) - Stay on top of your well-being with a versatile journaling app for Android!

🔄[Network Monitor](https://github.com/danielchalmers/Network-Monitor) - View live network latency and bandwidth usage on your desktop.

## Contributions

Got an idea or found a bug? Submit an [issue](https://github.com/danielchalmers/DesktopClock/issues)!

Contributions are welcome! Please try to align with the current formatting and keep features simple if possible.
